[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
morning.  I promise that my life begins
where you
end.  I don't want false expectations or to
live within a lie.  Yours and
mine is true.  Despite what he
says.  I will remember that I walked through that
square and in shame we couldn't
even
look at each other.  The moment arrived and I took your hand
as we continued walking.  For
both of them, the big city fell silent
.  City, city, city, city.
Why do I want to see the star shine
in the sky, if I have the most
beautiful one in the
world by my side? I don't know if you'll
understand.  This is what I'm
telling you.  You have to feel your heart
smiling inside.
[Music] I'll
tell you to pinch me every day when
you wake up, because if I argue it's to get to
know you better.   There
is no fog that can obscure this
[Music]
love.  I know that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined, that the pain will be so strong
that we will think about
leaving.  But this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds we cause to the soul.
Breathe me,
please, because this life
escapes us.  Why do I want to see it
shine, why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky.  And on one side I have
the most beautiful in the
firmament.  I don't know if you'll understand me.
And what I'm telling you must be felt by the
heart as it smiles
inside.  I want to see that I want to
see if at my side, if at my side
I have the screen of the
firmament.  I don't know if you
'll understand me.  There is a fact that I am
telling you about.  You have to feel your heart
smiling inside.
Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
I thought that love no longer
existed, that kisses are given on
every corner.
I thought that loving was just a
game, but I look at you and I'm dying to
have you next to me.  I will invest my life in
exciting you and
I will win the game of time that was
lost.
Oh,
oh.  I ask you every day that your soul be my
guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path.  And I ask every day to always be able to
love you, waiting for the moment to have
you
[Music]
in front of me.  If the world separates, I'll stay
with you.  If tomorrow doesn't dawn, I'll stay
with you.  If you want me to stay, I'll
stay
with you.  that I care about things and
when I smile I turn away.  Hey,
I'm with you, with you, with
you.  I will invest my life in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game, the time that was
lost.
[Music] I
ask you every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
life and I ask every day to always be able to
love you, waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me.
[Music] I
will invest my life in
illusion and
[Music]
I will win the game of time that was
lost.
Oh,
and I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
life.  And I pray every day that I can always
love you, waiting for the moment when I have you in
front of me.
Good night.  How are
we doing?  How are you spending your week?  Hey, how's your
week going?  Well, today is
Holy Thursday.  Today is Holy Thursday, it's
the night of the
big move, right?  From Holy Week.  I mean,
probably a lot of people have even
told me about it in the chat, right?  Because
tonight is a night of long waits.  Hey, you
go at 7 in the evening and you start watching
and then nothing, you just sit there
with some sandwiches, right?  Let's wait for
the Trianera to come out, for the Macarena to come out
, right?  Macarena is coming out
in a little while, right?  If I'm not
mistaken, in an hour and a half or
so, right?  The Macarena comes out.  Sorry if
I'm wrong, eh, I'm from Holy Week
, well, Holy Thursday is not effective in
many places now, but eh, from
Holy Week in Seville, right?  Well, it's
dawn, it's dawn, it's all
night awake, eh, seeing
brotherhoods, going to see the brotherhoods
all night up and down.
Hey, do you remember?  Many years ago it
seems to me that I was a kid, right?
When I was a kid
, I saw it as a tarantula, I
put it on Twitter.
We won't be able to comment on what happens here on YouTube
.  Here on YouTube with those
images, the truth is I have my doubts.
When I was a
kid, there was one night in the early hours of the morning.
I don't remember if a shot was heard.
Well, it's not that shots were heard,
but rather a pipe in the
street burst. I think it was, and of course, people were
very scared.  I think there had been
attacks around that time,
right?  A firecracker, right?  It wasn't a
pipe.  It was a pipe, wasn't it, Eric?  It was
a pipe in the center that
burst.  It sounded like,
imagine, right?  That sounded like
a shot, like something, and one thing
led to another.  Of course, people started
running and other people started to see
people running, so people started running
more.  And then, well, I mean, you
imagine, right?  You're in one in the
bell, you're in the bell suddenly
seeing the one that comes out, on
Holy Thursday the little donkey was going to tell you.  I'm
going to tell you, I'm sorry,
but I don't understand Holy Week
, I don't understand anything more than
when we were kids, I remember
because everyone in the
gang did it and the whole group would stay and
leave, but I, I
was remembering it with Lorena the day before yesterday, I
say, "You think it was funny what we did
when we were kids, when
the group of friends stayed, right?
The group of friends stayed."  I put it at
8 in the evening, at 7 in the... No,
what the [ __ ]?  At 8 p.m., at 4 p.m., at
5 p.m.  And now you were going with him
with your plan here, there,
here, there to see them all,
collecting them as if they were Pokmon,
you know?  And I'm thinking about it now,
damn it, I'm going to do that now, right?
From going to see a
brotherhood.  What does Dolores say?  He says, "If
I were in Seville I would be there
now and I would be watching the procession."
Yes, Dolor, you like it, daughter.  There are
a lot of people who like it,
obviously.  Look at all the stuff he
brings, right?  Holy Week.  But it does
n't catch my attention.  I
mean, I know that many times it has nothing to
do with whether you're a believer or not, because
you already know that I'm not, with whether you
like Holy Week for the
art, right?  I don't even like it.
Okay.  I don't like it at all, to be
honest.  I don't like it, I don't like it, I don't
like it.
I'm just, like, believing in something
like that, you know?  But hey, he says, "Now I'm too
lazy to be there at the beach, right?"
Well, I was at the beach, I was in
Bologna yesterday.  I think I told you, didn't I?   I
think I told you the good news, I don't know if I
told you, I told you the day before.
We were hanging out yesterday, weren't we?  I was in
Bologna.  In the end, the weather was on my side a little bit
.  Yes, the air, the air.  If it
weren't for the air we would have been.
Thanks for the company for those of us who don't
have vacations.  A kiss, Chari.  And
that's what I was telling you, that
surely many people right now are
going to listen to us from their chairs or
wherever they are, taking time to
watch the brotherhood, right?
Gentlemen, yesterday, a kiss, Chari.  Yesterday they
gave me, do you know what time they gave me?  Yesterday
I was working and I didn't do a live show at the
salsera.  Yesterday it was 7:30 in the
morning.
7:30 in the morning I was
working yesterday and I had arranged to
take my son to the zoo, okay?  I
mean, I slept for 5 hours and he put me to bed
now when I came back, eh, at 6 until
... No, I'm lying, not at 6, at 7
until 8 more or less and I felt
bad about the hour it took me, man.  My
head hurts a little and
everything.  7:30 they gave me.  Okay, I recorded the
video about an intervention that
Chi did, okay?  A stream that
Chi, Fran Cuesta's ex-friend, did and well, I
had to accept that, I had to accept
that live stream and go on refuting the
points, boom, boom, boom, looking for all the
information and all the things, right?
Dad.  Organizing the video.  I was up all
night.  Let's go with the video.  Two hours
of raw, huh?  Two hours of raw.  There's
the editor who's going to tell me to [ __ ] off
, huh?
Tale, the editor is going to tell me to [ __ ]
off because of course, I started
recording it.  It would be
, I know that at
4:30 or so and at 4:30 at
night I more or less had
the video planned, the video was already in shape
and I say and I went to the gas station
to get a coffee, I do
n't remember if I had a coffee at
Coca-Cola to wake up a little
to record it and when I started
recording it, when I started recording it it took two
hours of raw material.  2 hours of raw
video.  I don't know how long the video will last.
I imagine the video will be about an hour and
a half long
.  He also called me fart.  Pilar
also called me
fart.  I didn't see that.  I saw a transplant,
but I didn't realize the fart.
Transplanted.  Jorge Javier.  No. Hm.
What a character, what a character, huh?
What a character, but oh well, you'll
see, you'll see, you'll see the video
later.  It's just that he still has a long way to go, that's why I
went live, because I say,
what do I do?  Should I go to bed, shouldn't I go to bed?   I
mean, I'm going live, we'll share
some gossip, right?  And we talked about it,
right?  Aini, it's not a game over as such,
it's answering some things.  Nor
that if I had to answer point
by point to each move that is not
my responsibility, it is Fran's.
In the video that I basically
showed you, I set the objective for you today,
and if we reach the objective, hm, I'll
show you the thumbnail, okay?  I show you the
thumbnail.  Hm.  You liked him, yes,
tarantula, I liked him at the
time.  I did like him at the time
.  Clear.  I mean, in the end, I'm a
person, I say it in the video, who has been
part of an experience I'll
never forget, you know?  So,
whether you like it or not, there it is, there it is.   I will
never forget who he is.  Yes.
I spent many hours with him, we spent
that week trying to fight for the
sanctuary, and I really liked him.  The
only thing that was like very eh, like what would
the
word be?  He was very insistent that he
wanted to be a streamer, he
wanted to be a fan of the jungle girl, you
know what I mean?  I wanted to be a fan of the jungle.
He wanted to set up a shrine and he wanted to
get followers and he was
on Kick's live all day,
well, you saw it because there were
people who came and
complained.  There were people who came and
complained when we were here
live and they were telling us that
Chi, for example, I was here with Tuupa and
Fran on a live show.  Well,
Chi was here making your
asses sting, you know?  That's that kind of
move.  That kind of move.
that kind of thing, you know?  Well, it's
very hard with tagging each other
in Instagram stories and stuff like that, you
know?  That I did
tag him, I'm nobody in the end and they would
upload real Instagram stories of me
where he and I were doing
silly things and I would share them, I would
share them.  I don't know here either,
right?  And but with Gref, for example, you
reach Greev or Plex, right?  Yes, yes, I was
criticizing your yupa.  If many of you,
the bad thing is that we can't
recover all the clips because in
Kick the live clips are deleted and we don't
have them.  But if you have any
saved clicks of that [ __ ], the
ugly people criticizing your boyfriend and stuff like that, please
send it to me.
If by chance you have them on your phone
because you sent them to someone or
whatever, send them to me because I want to make
another video with a series of other things that I have
n't mentioned in this one.  But it was
very heavy, it was very heavy, it was very
heavy with the whole tag me thing, I don't
know what, I don't know how much, you know?  He was very
heavy with that stuff.  Of course, you
tell me, and me, well, those things, you
know what I say to myself, well, I share the
story with you, I retweet you, but of course, you
reach a Plex or a Gref?  It's
tiresome that people label their
stories and stuff like that, and that these
older people don't like that
kind of attitude, do you
understand?  But come on, I didn't see him as
a bad person, I saw him as
someone who doesn't move in this world and
doesn't understand that spam is annoying.  I
saw it like this, okay?  Eh, I consider that
I have not attacked him for him to
have that grudge against me.  Hey, I know you've been
hanging around
with all these accounts these past few months
, right? They're the ones that have been
leaking things about Fran, okay?  And he's
been in a relationship, and yesterday during this
talk he did on stream, I
was listening to all his mantras.
But look at what he said
about the Dallas contract, I mean,
come on, you don't have anything else to
say.  Yes, a huge fame seeker, I
mean, but he has no excuse
for saying that about the contract, because he was there
when we were
talking about the contract and it's like, in the
face of that, if the level is that, I
think that was from the beginning, right?  A
kiss, Pepito.  Where do grandparents have to go to me?
Greetings.  Please, we will make
more videos of Simon.  We will do,
we will do, we will do.
But just look at that, right?  Starting from
the base of this nonsense of the
contracts before there that
before there, how about that?  No, you have
a contract, but look, the nonsense
is that he has never been able to listen to
a conversation about a contract
because it's a nonsense that is an invention
of little children and haters and this kind
of idiocy, right?  As if to say that it's
not like how you get along with Dala or
how you defend him or you agree with him on
issues and it's like, well, what kind
of contract would that be? It's absurd,
not even to comment on it because they
want to equate them with the contracts
that Dallas has had with some girls,
right?  Which is like, what the [ __ ] does that have to do with anything
?
What the hell does a contract have to do with
someone having a sexual relationship
and and and agreeing and signing something to not
tell anyone?  Me and Dala, I mean, what
intimate relationship do Dala and I have that would allow us to
sign a contract... But
contracts are about confidentiality, not about you
have to defend me or you have to agree with me
?  There are things I agree with him on
and there are things I don't.
Do you understand me?  What happens is that they
have to invent paranoia and for their
nonsense,
right?  But what am I telling you?  So
no, what am I telling you?  It's
not that there's no way to disprove that
because it never existed.  The
most I could show there would be the
conciliation I made with Dallas when he
reported me.  And what do you think about Chispas?
Well, the thing about Chispa is that it doesn't make
much sense either, I mean,
Chispa didn't always leave either and when Fran
came to Spain or whatever, Chispa would
leave and then reappear and
everyone who follows
Fran knows that.  But well, I prefer to
tell you about the situation here, so you can
watch it later in the video, because I'll show you
things, I'll
click on things, I'll click on the things he's
talking about, so I'll click on
what he's talking about and what it is.  For
example, in the video I
basically go into the mentions he
makes of me, what I believe is the
animosity Chi has towards
Paloma and I go into the issue of em, the
issue of money, which has insinuated
that more money was taken than expected
and that I know that more money was raised than
expected and he started buying a car
for his girlfriend, a car for his son and it's like,
"No, man, no, my son, I don't know,
more money was not raised than expected.
Yui was given less than what she asked for
because it didn't go
further, you
know? Yes, yes, Carlos, I recorded a
video. I recorded a long video that
you will have today. The thing is that he has time left,
we have time to do the two live shows
because the video was long and
the editor told me that he has time left. Thanks,
Mimi. Mimi gave you the WhatsApp group there
. He ca
n't see Paloma, it's very obvious.
Yes, of course, because Paloma gets in his way  in
his move. That's it, there's no more.
Paloma's in his
way, but it's just nonsense. I mean,
because the accounts are
transparent.  The money accounts, what he
has, and I put it in the video that they
are transparent.  That doesn't mean
Fran doesn't have a lot of nonsense, right?
A lot of nonsense that he talks about.  A
kiss, Chari.  That Fran tells many
movies and tells many stories.  We already
talked about that and we already know it.  Okay, but from
there to killing animals, huh?
What else was it that kills
animals?  Look, I know it's a scam, right?
Who keeps the money.  The calculations
are very clear and before you
watch the video I invite you to whoever
does them, okay?  I mean, you can go live
and see
what was raised, because it's
public.  What was raised is public,
no, no, it's not just Fran who knows.  No, no,
no.  What was raised is public
and what was paid to Yuji is also
public.
Okay, so 6,000,000 spark was raised
or so and Yui was paid 6 million and
Yui was asking for 7.5 million having already
lowered the price, eh, because she first asked for
more.  And where can you see what was
raised?  But it's in the live shows, that
is, in the live show
I was in, the one we were in for the 5
days, in that one we raised 27,000
subscriptions in kick.
Okay, you calculate how much the 27,000
subscriptions are in
Kick and look it up so I don't have to
explain it to you, look on the internet, on
some official page, what the
taxes in Thailand are.
Not only the taxes you pay
or whatever, but simply
for making a
KCICK transfer in Thailand,
the bank charges you a
commission.  After Greev, the same thing,
okay?  There were 10,000 subscriptions plus
50,000 which later became a little less than
50,000.
Damn, I'm cool, aren't I?
Um, it was the 10,000 subscriptions that were
then added to 50,000 that
Greev gave to Fram for whatever he
wanted.  Manuel, a kiss.
Okay.  And in the end the 50,000 were
a little less because they didn't last 24
hours in the end.  So, I don't know if it
was 40,000 or whatever, but hey,
you can do the math.  You can do the
math with the 50,000 if you want.  You
take away the taxes that they have more or less been
able to take to Spain and they give you
the 6 million pounds.  It's 6 million
pounds and he was paid 6 million pounds and
then there were also some
administrative expenses and some expenses of I don't know what and I do
n't know how much.  I mean, you don't have enough money for
a mini, man.  SAPE has a
second-hand Mini that he bought himself.
But come on,
anyway, anyway, man.  And
Fran, as far as I know, okay?  That
Fran, as far as I know, generates a lot of
money with his YouTube channel and that can be
seen when Fran shows the
transfers of all the
months that he was sending money to
Yuji.  Do you remember all the
transfers?  Fran gave Yui an
average of
9,000. Okay.  And if he gave him an average of
9,000 after maintaining the sanctuary,
it's because Fran's channel generates
good money, right?  So, Fran,
I think that to buy a
second-hand Mini and that van they
have in Thailand, I think he earns
enough, uh, to buy one every
month.  No, I haven't caught a tarantula cold.  The thing
is that there are many hours here.
You know they talk to tarnish the image
and because people are left with the idea of
what the [ __ ], no, no, no.  Let's see,
Fran earns enough.  How much does
that truck cost?  2000  How much can
that truck cost, man?  A
Mini Cooper, as sold on the
stream.  Sure, a Mini Cooper costs 30,000
bucks, but SAP's is a
used car.
But Chari, it's just
for pure logic.  It's just pure
logic.  Do you think Fran can
buy a car or can't buy
a car for his son or Paloma
can't buy a car either?
Oh,
really, Fran has a good number of views
on YouTube, he has millions
of views and he has a good
audience on Kick, Twitch and
everything else he
puts on.  You also did a
promotion with Universal recently, right?  I mean, it
seems like now if
the son buys a car, it comes from the money
of the people who were scammed.  Man, please.
But in the end, it's the same thing they've
tried and done, like
with Pambi, for example, casting doubt on everything
in order to tarnish the image.  Yes,
something remains.  Something remains from
the bad image.  That is, the rumor is heard, it
spreads, and something, something stays.  Okay.
Javi, it's true that you couldn't go to
Thailand because you'd have problems.
Well, as far as I know, no.
Okay.  And your yupa less.  Come on,
your yupa, as far as I know, goes there.
Your Yupa, I don't know if he's there now or if he's
gone now or if he just came back or if he has to
go now.  I mean, as far as I know, no.
When I said, I don't mind going to
Thailand, man, things are
tense, things are bad and I don't know,
let's say they call the police and say,
"Hey, you have a Spaniard here who,
[ __ ], I don't know, do you know that it's a country where they
put you in jail or
lock you up in a cell for 48 hours because you
don't have your papers, you
know what I mean? I mean, this Ester Yez, this
friend of Javid speaking
clearly, the one from Code 10, they arrested her in
Thailand, do you remember the whole
Daniel Sancho thing? Because he's not there,
no, no, or because he didn't have papers or
because they suspected him and then he
did.
Okay, so, why the hell am
I going now? Why in the first place? Why do you
need me? And for what and what
need?
No, it's not even absurd
. In 1999,
Nobody Knows Anybody premiered and the following year the same
thing happened  from the stampede. Milagro is
still busy with Holy Week. Well, she said
Tuyupa would have problems as soon as she sets
foot there. Well, Mimi, we'll
see because Tuyupa is from there and she'll
continue to set foot in Thailand and has
business there.  He was commenting on it, I
mean,
eh, but yes, starting from the basis
of the contracts with Dallan, I already
made fun of that, you
know?  It is not something that should be
taken any other way.  There's no need to
take it any other way
either.  Your jacket is from there.  Tuyup,
your yupa is different from mine.  It's
an unknown country to me, isn't it?  An
unknown continent, you know what I mean?  Your yupa, your
yupa is from there.  Your yupa is from there.  Your
yupa is different.  Tuupa has lawyers
there, he knows a lot of people there, he
has family there, right?  She is Icelandic.
That is, Tuyupa's situation is the
same as mine.  She does go because she has to
go, she will go and visit Fran and
such.  For me, it's an
unknown world, do you
understand?  Exactly.  Tuyup.  What a
scare your yupa is going to give him.  I think it
was to scare them
so they wouldn't talk anymore.  I don't
know.  She can talk to the police.
Exactly.  It's that your yupa no no no
is not the same as
me.  Do you think you'll ever make peace
with Fran and him over time?  Man,
no more, it's already become complicated, right?   It's that
already and it's that apart from that you say, it's not that I
come to this stream because they
keep talking about me, they keep pulling
me and it's like, what?  I mean, who was
talking about
chi?  Who was talking about chi?
Now nobody was talking about chi.
Well, guys, uh, by the way,
this show is really going down, uh, the
Calleja Universe, this one
that they did recently with
some guests.  Oh,
look, my friend Angela is talking to me.
What are you sending me?  I will do it.
The
goat, the goat.
This Calleja universe is really
rocking, by the way, eh,
Calleja Universe, the truth is that it's
bringing in a variety of
pretty interesting guests, right?  And today,
some statements by Laura
Escane have gone viral in which she revealed that she had
an abortion with Risto
Mejz, you know?  Apparently, she
got pregnant again and had another
abortion.  Okay, let's
hear it.
I guess it was also a way to
protect myself.  Could be.  And also that it
was, I mean, it
is being successful.  It is having
success.  The truth is that it is
good.  Bisbal is coming, huh?  Bisbal goes,
Bisbal goes.  I'll have to see.  I was going through
a somewhat complicated personal time
and the trip to
South Africa that I was on just coincided with. What a stomach that
aunt must have, says Carlos.  I do
n't like the issue of such a huge age difference.  I mean,
my 19-year-old daughter comes to me with a
41-year-old guy. I mean, it screws up my
life.  It [ __ ] up my life.  What's
up, Andy, gorgeous?  What have you
talked about today?   It
[ __ ] up my life.  I mean, keep in mind
that I'm not even 41 yet.
No, I'm not 40 yet, in
fact, I'll be 40 this
year.  That's a lot of fabric.  It's a lot of fabric.  I
mean, I understand that it's legal from
16, right?  Uh, it's the age of
consent.  I mean, you know
, of course a 16-year-old girl
can be with a 50-year-old guy if she wants.
That seems a little disgusting to me.
One thing is, uh, one thing is maybe a me who I
know is
20 years old until I'm
30, okay?  30, 30 and a bit
, but 19, 41. Let's
see, if you tell me maybe sex,
okay?  If you tell me maybe sex, hm,
we'll talk in 5 years, father-in-law.  If
you tell me maybe sex, put
a Well, okay.  Sex is like that,
isn't it?  Sex is physical in the end and if
you're attracted to someone and they seem
powerful, right?  To have a good
time, well, you have a good time, right?  I mean,
what does age matter?  But from 19 to
41, man, you're in a
super different stage of life where you're not just
looking for different things, you just don't
think the same, man.  You're in another
world.  A 19-year-old
isn't even in the same world as a
30-year-old [Musician]. And that's what I'm telling you, I mean,
for sex, yes.  for sex.  Yes of course.
Obviously that is free and in the end it is
physical.  I mean, I think I could
have sex with people with an
age difference, eh, but for example, a relationship.  I would
n't have a relationship with a
50-something year old.
And notice why in N it's going to
fit in with those you know when you
realize I'm in my 50s and
that person is in their
70s. It's a huge age difference.   I
probably wouldn't have a serious relationship
with a 20-year-old either, but I don't
even think those are the topics of
conversation, right?  I mean, it's like
if I, of course, turn 41 next year
, it's like I'm with
a 17, 18-
year-old person.  It just doesn't make sense.
That
conversation, that conversation, what is it?
Know?  Those conversation topics, that
Marta Lpez lo.
What Marta Lpez lamo and
Kiko Matamoro did seems outrageous to me.  That's it.  I mean, I
respect it, it's legal and they'll know.  But it's
that, for
God's sake, it is that
intimacy, but it's not intimacy anymore,
man.  I mean, don't just look at sex
because in the end maybe it's not
everything, because you say, "No, but he
's a very old person and in bed,
right?"  Well, that's disgusting, isn't it?  Many people
think that way, don't they?  And it's like, "Well, no,
disgusting, right? I mean, there are people who
sleep with really ugly people, there are people who
sleep with people with all kinds
of physiques, right? And disgusting isn't, it's not like
that, I mean, it doesn't work like that. But the
thing about the conversations,
the plans, it just doesn't make sense, you
don't think the same. I don't think the same
as when I was
30. I don't think the same, I don't see the world the
same, I don't see life the way I don't
care about the same things, you don't take
things the same, you
know what I mean? I mean, it doesn't make sense
. It doesn't make sense, honestly.
I see it as incredibly bad. I, I mean, I don't know
if it was obviously like super Javi, you
can never say I'll never drink this water
. Well, I'm talking to you
now and I'm not telling you that
maybe when you're 50 I'll say, well, I
'm going to have a 30-year-old girlfriend. I don't believe it,
honestly. I mean, I don't believe it. But
Come on, I'm talking to you now. I do
n't know if I want to go in or not,
but personally, I
wasn't feeling well physically.  So, I remember that
there are many things that from the outside
looked like And then Ristor is not
a And then Ristor is not a is not a wrap,
right?  I mean, he's not a guy you'd say,
"Well, he's 20-something
years older than me, but damn, he's
better than people my age."  No, no, no,
no, man, no.  Of course, because if you
put me in the role of Jennifer Aniston, who
is 60 years old, but anyway, I tell you the same
, I mean, it can't be for a relationship
.  I mean, how are you going to have a
relationship with a 60-year-old when you're
40? It does
n't make sense.
Like, oh no, Risto is from the city
and can't sleep here.  Oh no, it's
Risto.  Do you remember these things?  It
was actually to protect me.
May I know what he was protecting you from?  Well,
I was going through a miscarriage and those
weeks I was bleeding, so I
understand that it's good that I would get
pregnant, but I don't know if it's
before or after,
right?  Hey, can you clarify for me when he
talks about it, a baby or another baby later?
big with some horrible pains and I
say, it's that I can't be sleeping
in a place that doesn't have a bathroom and there was
no bathroom there.  I remember that there
was no bathroom.
It's this, this video.  But what is this?
Before being a father, right?  So, another
previous pregnancy, right?
Wait, wait a second and he'll get it.
I am very profane.  Gloria Camila
was with a 40-year-old when she was 16. You told me that
on Twitter the other day, but I did
n't see that part
.  I didn't see her.
Look, Cher Javi is almost 80 and her boyfriend is
30. Oh my goodness.
No, the matter.  But when you're
going through an abortion, those are a bit of a
legacy search, really.  I mean, there's
no way to get hold of it.  When
a 30-year-old person is with an
80-year-old, that's where they're looking for an inheritance,
right?  Inheritance makes it easier, doesn't it?  I'll be
here for a few years now, right?  And come on,
man.  For
God's sake, for God's sake.  80-year-old person, for
God's sake, no matter how well an
80-
year-old person is, it must
be a horrible thing
mentally and
physically.  It was hard because, I mean, it
was a moment when I wasn't
prepared.  I don't think anyone is prepared
either, eh, for the
abortion issue, it's a very
tough, very tough issue.  Hi Laura, I saw your
video about abortion and I want to thank you
.  It happened to me too, and I
lived with guilt until I
listened to you and felt very
identified with your emotions.
I'm a mother now, I have a four-month-old baby,
and even though it may seem crazy to you,
your words have brought peace to my soul.  That
topic is something that has hurt me a lot
since it happened.  Thank you for
helping me.  What do you think about the issue
of abortion?  A controversial topic that
generates a lot of debate, huh?  a lot of
debate.  I agree with
abortion as long as it
is, of course.  And I think I guess it
was a way uh Ah, this is a
video.  I wasn't able to
watch the program until this morning because I was so nervous
about protecting myself.  Could be.
Me inside No, no, no.  Abortion is not
natural, Reye.  Voluntary abortion, that
is, when you don't have it, when it's not the
right time to be a mother, okay?  And
you have an abortion and you go to a clinic and you have an
abortion.  Personally, as long as it
is within the
timeframe, I agree as long as it
is within the timeframe and it
was an accident.  Okay?  What's
going on?  Well, what happens
is that people call it an accident when
they reverse and get
pregnant.  Of course, reversing and
getting pregnant is not an accident.
The reverse is
that you're a bastard, okay?  Of
course, you can't ask
a 16, 17,
18, or 19-
year-old to have the same responsibility as a 40-year-old, okay?  I
mean
, if you're old enough and have two
brain cells, then you know what it's like to
try to get pregnant and not try to get pregnant, right?
So, if you don't look for it,
the condom will puncture, and the
contraceptive method will practically fail,
right?  But you get the
urge at a time when you don't
have a contraceptive method at hand or you
don't want to use it because it's more
comfortable without a contraceptive method and you
get it.  Man, that's looking for it.
That's looking for it.  So
I'm not so in agreement with abortions.
I'm not so in agreement with abortions there
.
Okay.  Look, the most logical thing is
this morning-
after pill thing, right?  I mean, that's an
abortion method, but oh well.  Method, the
morning after pill would be abortive,
right?
No, the morning-after pill would be
abortive or contraceptive would be
abortive,
right?  Clear.  Exactly, man.  A
situation where there's a rape,
for example, I see it there too, you
know?  a rape, right?  A
pregnancy due to rape, a... I mean,
there are situations, right?, in which
also... Of course, of course.  Yes, yes,
totally.  What I don't
agree with, for example, is that you should
think about it when you're three months
pregnant, four months pregnant, or
five months pregnant.  Damn, you do
n't know that anymore, that's already a thing, that's already a thing, I
already consider that
taking the life of a baby, you
know?
The morning-
after pill would be abortive,
right?  Contraceptive because
the egg has not yet been fertilized.  You expel him
early.  It's hard what happened to Silvia
from that Connection with her abortion.  Yes,
totally.
Poor thing.  What he said was really powerful,
really.  How bad, how hard.  But,
well, those are things in life that are
unfortunate, do you understand me?  But here
we are talking about a
voluntary abortion.  It's a very
controversial topic because there are people who
think that even if you have
a baby in the first month
of pregnancy, you're already killing it,
you know?  And come on, I don't see it within
the first
hm month and a half, two months, which is
normal, you
know?  Oliveira, didn't you go on
vacation?  No, Brenda,
not really.  The truth is that I didn't see, I didn't find
any plan that caught my
attention and I didn't find any plan that
caught my attention, not even that they would
n't steal a kidney from me.  What's up,
Pablo?  See if you can think of any
more puddles to get into today, huh?
That you have little.  Pablo, we still have to
go to the youth center, man.
We still have to go to the youth center, right?   I do
n't know if you've commented on any new developments
or if they haven't been commented on.  I don't know how, I don't know how
things are.
I saw that Mire did an
interview in El Mundo that they
sent me this afternoon.  He has broken his
silence.
No, it was about time
I spoke.  I don't know, really.  Now I
have to think about what plan I'm going to make
tomorrow.  That's what I have to think.
What plan?  What plan am I going to make tomorrow?
That's what I have to think.  I don't
know what to do.  I was with the guy in
the S all day today, huh?  and I ate at
McDonald's and then I
had a coffee with Lorena and
then I went to bed for a while and now
we're here, okay?  I'm waiting for the
video from Pablo's main channel, which is
about chi, and then tomorrow I'll see
what plan I'm looking for tomorrow to
see if you can give me some ideas,
right?  Let's see if you can give me ideas for
tomorrow's video plan, okay?   I do
n't know what to do, honestly, I can't
find anything out there and I don't care if I
take the car, go to another city
or whatever, right?
M. You already have a ticket for the S, Abi, yes,
yes, I'm a
van driver.  The annual card, of course, the
annual card.  How could it not be?  How could it not be?
Imagine if, in addition, in
two visits, the license is already paid off
.  Plus, we go
and maybe we go, he goes around
the sun, he goes through the inventory, you
know?  Pilar says, "Do you ever make plans with
your daughter?"
She's not making
plans anymore, she's calling me to
take her to Sara, to take her to, you
know?  You have to take the little one to the
Archaeological Museum of Santander.  Yes,
but that is, that is far away.  Aini, let's
see, one thing about one thing I
know, I wouldn't mind there, for example,
like Madrid.  I was looking, but
in Madrid,
what?  In Madrid, what do I do?  In Madrid, I
was looking, uh, I was looking to see
in Madrid, in Madrid some little things, you
know?  But what
what?  I don't know, man.  Let's see, propose
plans to me.  Propose plans to me.
Well, look, Billy, I actually
thought about it.
No, no, not that you introduced me to Cobra,
but to go to Valencia.  Valencia and I
present to you the Cobra face rolling around in
That, gorgeous.  We thought about it, we thought
about going to Valencia.
But what plans can I make in Valencia
these days,
Pili?  We thought about it, we thought about it.
The Titanic Expo, it's true, the
Titanic Expo is in Madrid, but not exactly.
Look, there are some amazing things in Madrid, Abi,
yes, there are
things, I don't know,
honestly, suggest plans to me, don't send me
stuff, right?  the Instagram that
tonight I have to make
tomorrow's plan.  Here in Madrid, a restaurant
based on Disney.  I saw it, Ro, I saw it
.  Granada, the What?  Granada, the
What?  There is a safari in it that he will surely
love.  There is a safari in it.  Let's see.
[Music]
Um, let's see, I'm looking at the picture, okay?
From the safari.
Wow, with seals and everything,
right?  Zebras, lions, tigers,
giraffes,
lemurs.  I saw all these animals
today,
man.  I'm even thinking a bit about
it if every Spaniard were given a peso
, but not to me, where should they be
given?  My arreu has to deliver to
Marlos, eh?  Well, he hasn't delivered it
multi.   I do
n't know if these people have said anything, but they have
n't
handed it over.
Uh, I don't know what they said, I don't
know what I can say, but no, he did
n't hand it over.  He hasn't handed it in.
Keep going, keep going, the
Tomakaca.  Tome Dakaca follows.  Well,
let's see what Mike Vasco has to say
about the new complaint
filed against Anabel Pantoja.
Okay, it seems that Anabel Pantoja is not
running out of moves.  And we're going to
start with the topic of Anabel Pantoja and
David Rodrguez, which I've uploaded to the
shortch, with these images
of Bueno, David Rodrguez with baby
Alma in a procession in Crdoba.
That image was posted here, we
were looking at it.
Look, it's true that the way
these people hold the girl isn't bad,
is it?  Not that you're there in one place,
right?  If you really like Holy Week,
you go there, right?  I mean, what do I know,
right?  People, I don't get involved
because I don't like it, but well,
look, you live a normal life, right?  You get
into
[Music]
But the way you pick up babies, right?
The way they hold the baby,
right?  I wonder if every Spaniard was given one peseta
, but you don't have to
go to jail, right?  Man,
multigaming,
right?  Here in Spain you
don't get jailed for things
like that.
Man, he's so sorry.  What I do
n't remember is how much the sentence was, I don't know
if it was three months, six months, I don't
remember how much the sentence was, but that doesn't
get you into jail, man.  I don't know,
look, life can get complicated,
I understand, but oh well.  Mm those people
will go all the way and fight and juggle
.  Hey hey the only baby, the
only baby.  I was looking at the
pictures and I said, I'll see if I can see any
more babies.  Because maybe
I'm a suspicious person, someone who
likes to split hairs
, someone who sees ghosts where there aren't any
.  So, where the only one
with the baby without of course placing his
hand on her head, they never, ever
protect her head, eh, and more so in a
procession where this
procession, let's see, the noise was
deafening, it was eh an
impressive roar.  There she was, the only baby,
I was a baby, with a noise like that in a
crowd of people,
something could always fall.  But Javi, at least
there are special headphones for babies
so they don't mind the noise
of the bands so much.
Let's see, what I'm telling you is, I mean,
I do see people during Holy Week with their
carts and babies getting into
the noise, so I understand that it's
normal, right?  For people who like it,
it's normal.  I
mean, as we were talking about at the beginning
of the live, right?  I don't like
Holy Week, so I wouldn't
bother a newborn baby, you
know what I mean?  With a newborn, I
would have to take all the care in the world,
and above all, he's just been through a
delicate state of health, right?  I mean, I don't
get involved in the noise of the Easter fair
or the beaches, okay?  Because for example, the thing
about the beach, right?  When they
took the girl to the beach just after she was
discharged.  It really goes with the beach,
for God's sake.
or launch something with your head
unprotected, with that single era, with that
single era, well you tell me, you
tell me the progress that Anabel
Pantoja and David Rodrguez are taking, because I don't know
if you realize that the
gossip press when it comments on these news,
well it seems that baby Alma is the
last thing that matters, eh?  That Anabel
Pantoja has responded badly to the
press, that David Rodrguez has
told the press, "Your eyes are black,"
that if some journalist advises them to
relax, that if others comment on the
new complaint that Jess
Alexis Betencur has filed against them, all that, eh, without
seeing. It's that that lawyer who filed
the complaint is a character, eh?
That lawyer who filed the complaint
is a character. I was seeing him at
midnight once and that lawyer is
a character. Look, you can't
be with Lupa now either. When I was in Seville,
when I was there, I took my
very small daughter with the drums and everything, and
nothing happened to her. Of course, she wasn't that young
. Man, I see her as very little. I see her as very
little. I see her as very
little. I don't know, but people who
really like Holy Week do
these things. I wouldn't do it because, as I
told you, no, I don't like Holy Week. I couldn't care
less about Holy Week. In fact, you
know? That complaint smacks of...
book dismissal.  Yes, Reyes.  Well,
I'm not so sure about it,
huh?  I'm not so sure, Reyes.  I
really don't think that's the case without clarifying it
and with so many ingredients that aren't, I mean,
contradictions in it, I mean, why does it
stand out?  Because?
I mean, based on the fact that it's dismissed, but if
there is a shaking, there are injuries
that belong to a shaking, how are they
going to leave it like that?  That's it, we didn't
solve it.  I don't see it as that simple,
I don't see it as that simple,
really.  I don't see it that way, to be honest, it's so
textbook.  You're not going to tell your
colleagues anything.  Well,
this clip went viral today, right? From the
Quicky channel, from the Tentculos show.
Carlota Corredera's program in which
Kiko Hernndez is chasing and
bothering Raquel Boyo
and Raquel Boyo takes her cell phone and starts
recording him.
It's a selfie.  Hello.  Hello, Raquel.  I
want to go out too.  Well, Carlota
sent us a message for you saying she
values you a lot as a collaborator,
but I don't understand why she's
recording it.  I mean, they
're recording themselves, right?
What are you recording anything for?  Although you have
n't spoken for a long time, huh?
That he has a lot of respect for you.  Thank you.
Okay, but Raquel Boyo then ended up on
bad terms with the entire Slvame team
, that is, with everyone.
Hey, things have improved at Telec, have
n't they?  Because now they put your suitcase
in the trunk, you already have everything, right?  They already
do everything to you.  Raquel, are you happy
at Teleco?  Now you want me to take
something to your friend too.  Why don't you
just record me?
Raquel, we were talking with your son.
It's a close-up.  We were talking
to your son the other day.  Very good.
Raquel, where are you going for Easter,
Raquel?  Where are you going?  To Seville?  To the
beach?  Where are you going?  Do you see us in
tentacles?  Raquel, this is Carlota
sliding.  There are many companions.
We are making you.  Look, I
think it's fine not to answer him, but
recording him, I mean, what does that mean?  What do
you mean by recording it?
My niece was 4 days old when we
went to the beach with her, there under the
pine trees, nothing happened to her.  Which beach have you been
to?  For God's sake, Dolores, there are pine trees on
the beach you're going to.  Dolores,
you're always making fun of us.
Famous, because we are saying madam,
madam, how do you see Isabel Pantoja?  Let's see
if Isabel Isabelita doesn't know, let's see,
if you give exclusives and sell exclusives
about your life and give interviews and all
that stuff, the press will follow you.  In the
end, Kiko Hernndez, as much as he
is a Kiko Hernndez, is doing what
all the reporters
on the street do, okay?  This is so, there are
many times when I don't understand things,
but that's what they have to do,
okay?  and ask and ask and
ask and ask and
pin, you know?  Even if you know they're not going
to answer you, but look, this video comes up
without them answering you.  The thing is that
the position I don't understand
here is Raquel Bollo's, so don't
answer, okay?  Just don't answer
.  He's not asking you a
question either, you don't know, don't answer and that's it.
But recording,
why?  Recording for what?
nor that they had committed a crime
against you.  Rivera said.  He is Gonzalo.   You
waved like that to me yesterday, do you
remember?  You waved when you were in the
hotel van.  After 20 years of
working together, Raquel no longer
speaks to us.  Now he's recording
all of you, all of you.  This is what
happens when you're on TV, because the
press doesn't follow it, right?
The press has become angry.  She's angry.  One thing, do you
know that the press that is here
are also the ones that go
when you present something?  Very good, very
good.  Host.
Holy [ __ ], did you hear what
DG3 told him?  He says, "The press isn't following,
right? They're angry. What's wrong with you
with the press all of a sudden? The press is
angry. One thing, do you know that the press
here are also the ones who
go when you present something?
Very well. Do you know that the press
here are also the ones who go
when you present
something? You know, right? Good, very well.
There, there, G3 colleague. Today is
Wednesday. Today is Wednesday, Raquel. It's
a very uncomfortable situation. A
very uncomfortable situation, Raquel. I don't
like seeing you like this with all the support we've given you
, all the help we've had, with all the
programs we've done. Seriously,
put a filter on me later, okay? Don't
filter me later with that face with the
white light, okay? Let's see if she talks to me.
Look, this is amazing. Look at how much
press Raquel has. Pantoja, Raquel.
How outrageous. Who's
chasing so many people, right? It's
true. Like Isabel Pantoja.
It's  True, it's true. It's like Isabel Panto
, isn't it?
Raquel, a kiss, have a good trip, Kiko.  This
is what a reporter has to do.  What
a reporter has to do.
Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow.
We have done our job.
She, what has she done?  The ridiculous.  Now,
what what what need?  Not so much and so much
recording.  If we're going to broadcast it now,
where?  Now for everyone I think
we've resolved this in the
best possible way, right?  And for her
we are going to dedicate a one, two, three,
ma'am.
[Music]
But Carlota Corredera's program was not
going to deal with other things, that is,
the problem that Carlota Corredera was not going
to deal with as sexist events and I don't
know what and I don't know how much.  In the end it's
being as it is being as if we
weren't,
right?  It's as if we were.
Every time I see a click here from
Carlota Corredera's show, they're clicks
that say, come on, they're clicks that don't even look like
we were there.  And I came across this
audio.  I don't know if you're going to
interpret it the same way I do, okay?  Well,
at least as people are interpreting it
, I came here to the
answer and I say, "No, no."  And it's an
audio recording of Kiko Hernndez and Carlota
Corredera criticizing
Carrasco.  I told that story and Cornad
told me, "That's my version,
although it's not for nothing that it's like that."  And
look, I mean, look at what they're saying,
okay?  That story and Cornad
told me, "I had that version, although it
's not for nothing that it's like that."  And heavier.  He
told me it was heavier.  Heavier.   They
tell me exactly
what he was taking.  Yes, me too.
Uh, so Roco Carrasco was drinking
something.  Yeah,
but I told you quietly and you
told me no.  I tell you that they
tell me what he was taking and
for what reason he
couldn't even get out of
bed.  And that's the reason why he
couldn't even get out of bed.  I mean,
look at what they said about Roso
Carrasco, huh?  So
calmly, so calmly and he doesn't
care.  And when I find out, not from
Anthony David, because I've never
had a conversation like this with Antonio David in my life
, but they
told me and I didn't hear it from Antonio David,
eh, of course, besides, he was amazed and of course, I
began to understand, I mean, I understand
why he doesn't want to see the girl because the
whole thing is... That clip is cut out.  And
what is the original clip?
Bell.  They said it because Antonio
David said it, but if he's
telling you, I'm not saying it because of Antonio
David.  Look at these, but they
tell me this and I am amazed.   Of
course, then I tell you that they
tell me what he was taking and why he
couldn't even get up
from the call.  And when I found out,
not because of Antonio David, because I've never
had a conversation like this with Antonio David in my life
.  I have never
.
But they tell me this and I'm
amazed and of course, I begin to
understand, I mean, I understand why she doesn't
want to see the girl, because she's been dealing
with this all day long and can't get out of
bed.  And I say, mother, I mean, he
spends all day long with something, drinking
something and he's in bed all the time.  I
mean, you're the one who's the biggest, huh?  Believe the
nonsense they're saying so
calmly on TV, huh?  And now,
however, Roco Carrasco joins
them.  Of God.  I say important Kiko,
really for a kiss, Maji, how
are you?  Gorgeous 40 months, for God's sake,
we can't be more explicit, but
we're not talking about the drugs
she had to take because she was undergoing
psychiatric and psychological treatment, which
doesn't refer to drugs that she, I
mean, this is a mess, eh, they're not
referring to the drugs she had to
take for her mental health.
They're implying something very harsh there,
aren't they?  Very strong, is
n't it?  A festive consumption.   As
?  As?  As?  What do you mean by taking it?
Because psychiatric and psychological.
We are talking about festive consumption.
We're talking about going, what we were saying
before, the contestants who were going to
the beach, going to the beach so that I can be
among them. They
're accusing her of smoking joints or she
's appearing to me.
They're accusing her of smoking weed,
aren't they?  Yes, they've always said it, but just to be
clear, do you know that this could be
sued or smoking joints?  No no.  I
mean, because I understand that if they accuse you of
taking cocaine or something like that, yes, it's not
actionable, but maybe they
accuse you of smoking weed, right?
No, maybe it's not legally justifiable to be
accused of smoking joints.
I don't know, they're saying it there
with a bit too little shame, aren't they?
So, what they're saying is, hey
Pablo, are you around or have you left yet?   I
mean, what they're
saying is, I don't know if you're
understanding it the same way I am, but what I
see them saying there is that
Roco Carrasco spent all day
smoking weed and that's why she didn't
want to be with the kids, that she was just
lying around high all day
.  Oops, oops, oops, oops, oops
, oops, oops, oops, oops
.
That audio of when it is, has me very
confused.  Man, well I understand that
this audio is before the Doku series,
eh, when they were saying everything to Roso
Carrasco, but look, I mean,
mother of
God, mother of
God, how awful, how awful.
Well, the loser, the loser, the
loser,
[Laughs]
family.  The loser still doesn't
want to give his opinion, okay?  and
give her defense of the cancer invented
by Loli Huerta, and now it turns out that
Loli says no, that it's not true, that there
was no cancer and Peppa Beltrn also
says that there was no cancer, that they
were making it
all up to throw garbage at us, right?  And here
they are with the chi issue, that is, this one goes
with his thing, with whatever has to
do with the heiteo and with the gang of
the gang of harassing Javi Oliveira
and that whole thing.  That's the topic that
interests you.  I mean, look at the
people who follow the loser, what the
hell do they care about Chi?  Know?
To the one from Troy, a great one, no, no, no, a
great one, a great one.
To promote your channel, Evin, if you don't
do live on your
channel.  The Sevillian, that's the
Sevillian who has me screwed.  They're
saying that if Loli has admitted that she
doesn't have any illness, why are
n't you saying anything?  Yeah.   That's what I say
, that's what I say every day, about Troy,
if you said you saw the
staples, why is
Loli herself now admitting that no, no, there was
no cancer?  So you haven't been
able to see any
staples.  If you came out and said there were
staples and that Loli was being
crushed taking advantage of the fact that she had
cancer, how come we were actually right now
and she doesn't have it?  And you
made it all up.
Let's see.  Hello.  Hello.  Do you know what joints
these people have smoked?  Oh, okay,
we haven't smoked a joint.  Okay, okay, okay.
We smoked a joint,
huh?  No, we're listening to Loli
Huerta saying that Peppa did know,
that it was a lie, and Peppa saying that she didn't
know, that she believed it, but that it
is a lie.  Nothing, nothing, nothing.  We
smoked a joint.  We smoked
a
joint.  At what point during these
last few days of the week did Loli Huerta
admit that she was not ill?
In
all, in all.  Ar de Troya is the topic
of the week, okay?  That is, it is the topic
that interests your Trojan chat, it is not
chi.  I mean, put myself further back.  Do you know what I
want to tell you?  It's Ah, put myself further
back.  Yes, that's always the
same.  Ah, I don't want to answer.
Yes, yes.  Loli said she has nothing.
Loli says she doesn't have any
illness.  Loli, it's what you said, it's that
you leaked the audio.  I'm going to take a
little [ __ ], go on.  I'm going to take a little [ __ ],
that [ __ ] is already very busy.
Turn the page now, man.  Creating
other types of content.  Look, now
we are with Franco this time.  You're not interested in
Chios' interview, it leaves everyone looking like
[ __ ].  There is no.  Yes, yes.  We are
only interested in what is against
our Troy.  Yes, yes.  The cancer thing
is not important.  No, don't talk to me about
Don't talk to me about Loli's cancer.
We want chi's.  We just want to
talk about chi.  Yes, yes.  I'm sure the
people you have there in your chat are
very interesting.  Page,
man.  Creating other types of content.
Look, we're with Franco this time.  Ah,
ah, that's creating another type of
content.  Don't ask him, don't
ask him about the staple, okay?  Don't
ask him about the staple, he creates
other types of content.
The other type of content, Javi
Oliveira, Javi Oliveira, Javi Oliveira and
everything related to Javi
Oliveira.  Go on, go take a little [ __ ],
that [ __ ] is already very
busy and that is busy.  That one doesn't
interest me.  I mean, we've been defending it
for two years, a cancer that didn't
exist.  Okay, so they caught me on tape
saying, "I know cancer
doesn't exist, but I'm defending her
because she's my friend."  Okay.  You made a
fool of yourself by saying you were going to the
Civil Guard to report anyone
who played your audio, and now
the protagonists of the
story finally admit that your friend made up
a cancer, and I'm not interested.  Fran,
what do Fran and Javi say about Fran?  What do
they say?
Turning the page, man.  creating other
types of content.  Look, we're with
Fran Cuesta.  Oh, what a
varied content.  Hey, what kind of content do
you create, huh?  Oh, oh, oh.  You're not interested in
the Chios interview, it leaves everyone looking like
[ __ ], right?  Hey, the truth is, I'm
not interested in people talking about that
interview because the truth is, we look
so bad that I'm not interested in talking
about it, honestly.
Well, see if I'm
interested in the one from
Troy, this is the miniature.  I
had set that as a goal, man.  I
had set it as a goal.  But anyway,
see if I'm interested or not,
this is the thumbnail for
today's video.  Don't miss it.  Don't miss it.
React to it too,
okay?  React to it too.  This is
today's thumbnail, okay?   It
doesn't
matter.  There's Toilo.
Come here, dude.  My goodness,
my goodness.
Much hype.  I would say none,
huh?  Why don't you interview Lolle?  Let him
tell his story and bury this issue.
Because I hype a lot.  I would say
none, huh?  Why don't you interview
Lolle?  Let him tell his story and get into
this topic because I'm already tired of the
Pep stuff.  Well, that topic, the topic he ca
n't get enough of, is the Javi topic, you
know?  I mean, Javi, [ __ ] on
Javi's acne, okay?  Yes, there is some
insult out there about acne, okay?  Those
topics yes, but the topic no longer
interests him.  The topic is already very tired of
those topics.
I'm tired of the subject.  Whatever you
say and whatever you do, it doesn't matter
because they twist it, they
turn it around, what's more, we are twisting it around
, we twist it, you
know?  I mean, you have to see that
we distort things, they interpret
things as the holy of holiness of the
grain pleases them.  Yes, yes, you've been saying for two years
that Loli had cancer, we'll interpret it
as it is in Spanish to the Trojan.  Lolly
has cancer.  You had seen the
staples.
I mean, why did you go along with
a woman who didn't have cancer and
was being beaten down for having cancer if you
knew she did
n't?  How disgusting, right?  Well, coming from
you, this guy has no shame at all.
And I pass, I pass.  If they want
metastasis, it's cancer, obviously.  Yes,
Mrs. Liana.  But let's see, if you
have
breast cancer, you cure it and
then the metastasis develops
elsewhere in your body, it's
still
breast cancer.   As
?  Any doctors in the
room?  As?
Exactly, Salom tells me,
when that theme was used to give you
all for all, to give you from all
sides, that theme did not tire her.  Man,
we'll see, we'll see.  Salom,
I have my ticks open here
because if I get cancer in another
part of my body, it's still
breast cancer.  That's right.
That is, if your lung cancer metastasizes
to your stomach, it
is still
lung cancer or it would be stomach cancer that has
metastasized.  No, I don't know, I don't know.
Let's see.  Cancer is
cancer.  The thing is, it depends on the area
that affects you, right?  And gravity.
Even if it comes out on the sole of your foot,
as I said.  That is, if you get
cancer on the sole of your foot due to
metastasis from the breast, it is still
breast cancer.
And for those who don't believe it, or don't know, you
just have to Google a little,
go to the pages specialized in
cancer, or ask a family member or
ask your family doctor and
stop bothering yourself
that it wasn't lung cancer, it's
still breast cancer, it was a
metastatic spot.  Uh, no, a
metastasis stain.
Benign tumors do not
metastasize; they cannot
spread.  Yes, Loli had a
spot removed that wasn't malignant, no, it's not a
Trojan metastasis.
Come on, I don't think he even had the
chest, we've already talked about that.  Okay,
but benign tumors don't
metastasize, since they can't spread
to other parts of the body, okay?  A
tumor is simply an
abnormal growth of cells that is not
cancerous, okay?  That is, it wouldn't be
cancer.  Hey, Loli didn't have cancer.  What they
found was a small stain and they
removed it for analysis and because he had
relatives who had
had it.  Let's listen to the liar's specialist
.  Man, realize that this
man says he removes a piece of your
lung when you have chest surgery and that
later in the afternoon you dance with a
dove and the rist of pain.
More explanations, right?  If I don't
have any further explanations, but if they
want to keep stirring up [ __ ] for
two years.  Well, let them continue to be bad.  Ah,
that's the [ __ ] from 2 years ago.
My sentences when I insulted the
hippies who deserved it in six.  That's
right, right?  That's very current, isn't it?  To the one
from Troy.  Oh, okay, okay, okay
, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
.  Sorry, sorry,
the topic is not current,
family.  This topic is not current
, family.  Mm.
Ane who is dedicated.  It seems that he has lost
the skein of threads, he has no more threads to
weave.  That's enough.  Mm.  Okay,
okay, okay, okay.  The doubt is vital there.
Loli never had lung cancer.  She had
a tiny metastasis, they
cleaned it out and that was it, since she
had suffered from breast cancer
years ago.  Therein lies the vital doubt.  Loli
never had lung cancer.  She had a
tiny metastasis, they cleaned it out
and that was it, since she had
suffered from breast cancer
years ago.  There it is.  Forever.
What you told me made sense to me.  Forever.  I'll
keep it.  A stain of
metastasis.  A stain of
metastasis.  Either it was evil or it was not
evil.  And these people said the other
day and have been saying for the last few weeks that they are
not.  Peppa says that Loli made it up
and the other one
said that it wasn't something
evil.  So what the [ __ ] did he
have?  And since it's a metastasis of
breast cancer, it's still breast cancer,
even if it's just a spot on the lung, but it
doesn't go into the head.  Yes, yes, but he did
n't have it.  But he didn't have
any from
Troy.  That none of Troy had.   It does
n't matter if the head is involved because
Loli said she no longer has
lung cancer.  How can it be
lung cancer if it's still
breast cancer?  I found them.
Let's see, Lili tells me, "Good time to
remember your leaked audio."  Another thing that is not
true with the sound.   He
already said at the time, "This is the audio
that was leaked to Ar de Troya, eh, in
his own
live broadcast. Listen to what he said about Troya.
Another thing that is not true with the sound. He
already told us at the time that what the
flight was saying was true. The one who
had cancer is the ginasio's sister
.
She told us at the time that what
the flight was saying was true. The one who
had cancer was
Loli's sister, not her.
And I have been covering her up all this
time so as not to discover her and
destroy her. And I have been covering her up all
this time so as not to discover her and
destroy her.
Thanks for posting it. He is seeing the payment he
is giving and talking to the sister and
releasing the audios was to shut
Jordi up and
talking to the sister was
to shut Jordi up about the flight,
but it went wrong and then what they
did was hide that part. They
don't talk about Marina at all. My mother
died of Marina. How annoying I
am with  Marina.  Leave Marina alone,
poor thing.  That Marina is not going to get
involved in the YouTube mess.  Marina is going to
deal with issues of the heart.  Leave her
what they're giving Marina, but for
nothing.  Come on, how
annoying.  Come on, Dino.  Instead of lore
lore, maku we should change it to loli,
loli, pepa, peppa.  Yes, yes, yes, but ah,
ah, okay.  It's just that we are very
monothematic.
I wonder if a fish would give every
Spaniard, but not me, where they should
give.  Javi, you've been playing with
the word metastasis for a while, pretending to
confuse the word with biopsy and
now with tumor, but you're just pretending.   We
just finished listening to that
self-critical audio.  A kiss.  Thank you very much,
queen.  Man, well, you're already hearing
everything on the audio, which they know
perfectly well that's not the case, but they're
covering it up and that's it.
But it's Peppa's fault, Evin.
Peppa's fault.  Lolly Huertas never
had cancer.  He fooled us all.  Hello,
Manuela.  Garden.  Garden.  I was going to say
garden.  Hey, what's the
point of the other girl saying Lolly never had
cancer now?  I forgot everything I experienced
with her.  He doesn't give me money anymore.  She is not my
friend, my treasure.  And he does give it to you.  She does
give it to you now and that's why you
're defending her,
right?  Nobi, but now I am
uh will Peppa answer this or
Javi well Peppa,
okay?  Well, Peppa has a live show scheduled
called My True Story with Javi
Oliveira.  By Peppa Beltrn.  Hey, Peppa, are
you going to talk about Javi?  Are you going to tell us
your story with Javi?
Well, well, we don't
know.  Thank goodness it was about time
you told your story with Javi, right, Pep?
Your real story with Javi is that you
came here when you saw there were
YouTubers making money from this, okay?
You came close to sucking up to me as much as possible
.  We've put here all the
clips of how you were sucking up to me when
you created your channel all the time, that
you put on, we've seen this
so many times, that you got with my
community on Twitter to share your live
streams, my live streams, to be as if you
were part of this channel, you
know what I mean?  When we saw you in the
mess, you were
contacting people who donate,
okay?  of those who were donating heavily and you
were contacting them
via Instagram message, okay?  Loli,
with whom all this has happened.  We'll
kick you out, okay?  We threw you out without making a
sound.  Come on, we're kicking you out. I've stopped
talking to you and bringing you in to
just collaborate, okay?  And you started
throwing it away, throwing it away, throwing it away from your
live show because I had to
collaborate with you, I
had to talk to you.  And here we've been
putting up all the clips, okay?, of
how you were saying, "Oh, tell Javi,
tell Javi why he doesn't talk to me.
Nothing's happened to me with him. Not to me
, Javi hasn't done anything to me, but
telling him why he doesn't talk to me,
sending him a super big chat that can be seen
on the screen until you finally exploded and
started throwing [ __ ] at us and harassing me,
but without holding back. That's your
story, okay? And what's happened
is that time has proven us
right about all the things about your
condition of being, the 240 e and the
loli's cancer, the cancer that you also made fun
of Pilar too, huh? What can I
say? It's been visible, it's been
visible. And that's the story,
Peppa. That you want to sleep with other people to
see if school's the thing. Yeah, man,
if you're going to go talk to Electra,
right? I mean, apparently  We're going to talk
to Electra. Yes, yes. I mean, if those
people come to you, they won't question you. I
mean, you're going to tell them the 240 didn't
exist, and they won't question you.
So, yes, you go looking for haters who are
going to follow your lead,
but the good people, the people from the
community that you would have liked to have,
our people, the good people, the
people who aren't stupid and who aren't
sick, okay?  The good people,
the 240 of them know perfectly well what you did, they
know perfectly well what you did
with Loli and we know perfectly well
everything.  We have seen you and we have lived you.
Do you know that you want to go with the
bad ones and tell them?  Yes, yes, yes, yes, they're
going to tell you that yes, that you're very good and
that and that and that you didn't stay for 240 and and
that you are and that you're not what you are.   You
know that person who said I
was dying to go up?  That I was
fighting.  I had a fight with ngel Bertrn one day
.
The day before I was talking about all
this, about all this that I have been paying for, for
saying one day a word that I only
said one day, but for saying all the
for saying one day a word that I only
said one day.
Hey, she picked it up, she was well picked up in
your mother's channel for the whole
week or 15 days, huh?  Yeah.
Your mother's channel took advantage of that little word
because it was in her interest.  Because he was
interested in what Javi was saying.  Okay,
okay, okay, okay.  What Javi said.
Okay.
Interest.  And I'm so angry, as you know, and as they've
put you, it's because of that.  Ah,
because when I got angry, I slammed my
fist on the table and said, "That's
enough."  Ah, that's enough.
If you want to say something, at least
look at WhatsApp and say something
real.  And say something that is real.  Ah,
out.  Because I was making a fuss
about something that wasn't real.
Because I was doing a disgrace.  Don't
look away, to Troy.
Because I was making a fuss about something
that isn't real, at least to me.
Yeah.
Hey, and we have everything,
Angelito.  All this, Angelito, I'm going to
put it.  But I don't know why those
who follow her were there when
all this happened and they are blind, they don't
want to see beyond what the other
tells them.  He rewrites the story as many
times as necessary and swallows it and there it
is.  They don't want to listen to anyone.
Oh, okay, okay.  I mean, there's one thing I do
n't understand.  Okay, well, there's
one thing I don't understand.  Ar de Troya,
if there's an audio recording of you saying that you know she did
n't have cancer and that you
covered it up, what are you doing now
that the two of you are fighting and you're
saying yes, we're not
making it up?  But hey, what I said, okay?
Peppa, no, Peppa has a live show
scheduled, but about
Javi, okay?  About Javi, it doesn't matter, eh,
any other thing.  His world is
Abi.  Her world is Abi and she's done with these
stories and such, okay?  because his
world is Abi.
Before seeing that atrocity about
Pepa, I would like to share it with you,
right?  Now that we're in this
interlude between Arde Troya and Pepa, they're
not clear, okay?  Well, I'd like to
remind you of some excerpts from Troya and
Pepa from a live show where you
both were, okay?  How are you reacting to
Javi's things and all that, okay?  Well,
put on this live stream, okay?  These clicks
that I'm going to put, put it on for you, okay?  Look,
here's Loli Huerta.  If I knew, I wouldn't have
come to see him disappear.  Angel,
Ardroya and Peppa.
Yol, well, wait, wait, because
in a few days you're going to see
me even without pajamas because I'm
going to show my
mental illness that is in my tits.  I mean,
ah, maybe I'll take the
brain from the tits to the brain.  I don't know
if there will be any.  Maybe he
went through the same thing that really screwed me up
.  Besides, I did it twice and now the
third time I'm screwed.  But since they make you
cerebral, that's it.  Eh, that
's what you have to have face when you
look at her, look at the poor thing.  It's just wrong.   You
don't listen to her.  It's just wrong.  This
is putting [ __ ] on me.  I do
n't know if Pepa will remember, okay?  That
I took from a clip of mine in which I
took, uh, that basically what I
was saying in that clip was not
messing with Lolly's face or with you
know that he was there this was.
Peppa told this to Loli over and over again
, you know?  And the loli, "What's wrong with my
face, Javi? Tell me, what's wrong with my
face? And what's wrong with your
nose, Javi, you son of a [ __ ]? I don't know what.
That's in the lawsuit and that's because
Pepa kept repeating a clip of
mine in which I told you,
man, we don't have to take into
account what she says, imagine, right? You
don't just have to see this lady. Look at her, you
know? Look at her. As if to imply
that this lady, well, there was no one at the
wheel, you know? Well, Pepa was
putting it in, putting it in, putting it in
, putting it in, putting it in, putting
[ __ ] in her. And here is one of the times,
okay? Here is one of the times in her
hatred against Javi Oliveira, in her
obsession against Javi
Oliveira, okay? In her obsession against
Javi Oliveira because we didn't want to
have her here. That's the whole obsession of
She, that she came to YouTube with the
idea that here she would get a
salary for once in her life. It
's wrong. But how wrong is it,
I can't see you, right? Oh, well, I don't see
you either. I don't have the camera set to
hidden,
right?  Because I took a weird little pill there
and I don't want my crazy face to show
right now.  This
is in a jelly bean mood today.  Totally like
me.  The pill.  To the band.  The band.
Hey, hey, so to clear up
Javi's face, so he can tell me what's wrong with my
face, I went to buy one of
these
makeup products today, something for the eyes,
something for dark circles, something.
And the lady at the hairdresser says to me, "Why don't you
want it that short?"  I mean, because
maybe I need treatment so it
's not so
big, look,
maybe I need treatment, I don't
know yet, okay?  I don't know at what point I
might need it, so that it
isn't so serious.  Mm, how come I have to
laugh with her because look
how she takes things.  And
now comes the time to play ball, okay?  To
fill the wallet.  Come on, look, I
have to laugh with her.  Look how
things are taken.  The movie is gone.
I mean, what are you going to do, wick?  He says,
"Yeah, I'm going to get a haircut for when they
give me the treatment, because I've already made
up my mind, man. Just in case, just in
case, because since I'm not a fan of the
loli, right? The pill, well then
why don't they want to do it any other
way. Well, for when I decide to go
because I haven't gone, well then so as
not to have a
problem. Again the problem of before
and after with the wig,
but not me where they have to go.
Kiss. Long live the fine Monta Moriles and
Carmen Reina's beer. Face
twisting with laughter. Face
twisting with laughter.
People, you'd say what face he has,
right? Yeah, I'm
here now. I don't know what I am. Well, what are you
telling me? What are you telling me? That you
said you have new Lolas? Joli
Pandas, who is it? What are you telling me?
They told me you have new Lolas. I
mean,
supposedly he's already had the operation at this point,  No
? She's already got her boobs on
at the same time as taking that off, right?
What? How cool, how cool.  Oh, well yes,
but an 8
already.  Um, the thing is, it's
embarrassing, isn't it?  Likewise speaking
this, right?  I'll see the
doctor first and then I'll send a
photo.
Total, total.
Just like
the R or not or without R. No, what happens is
that
without hands you can't
put it, but well, yes, yes,
because it's wonderful because you had
before I had before all this from here to
red
and I had they've removed scars
too, eh?  No, of course, to stretch
because it was for inwards there were two
holes.  They were
holes.  Let's be clear.  They were
holes.
Eh, there and I don't know, now I have nothing.
Now it is not there, it is not there.  Listen, but
you've had an
impressive recovery, haven't you, damn it?  And so
impressive.  F what the other one tells you,
huh?  Listen to me, but you've had an
impressive recovery, haven't you?  Come on,
look, this one, for example, I do believe that they do
know it.  I mean, I think that, for
example, this man who isn't here isn't
the smartest in the class, and this woman
who's telling him this about
recovery now, I think that those people, for
example, at that moment, at least
believe that Loli has
cancer, you know?  Of course, you've
had an impressive recovery,
right?  They haven't had a
great recovery.  Of course, it was a
deluge.  It was a landslide.  Sure, man.  And as
impressive as it is that they've given him a
chest, they've removed something from his
lung, they've put it on top, then
on the bottom, okay?  And then he starts
sending videos of himself dancing to these people on WhatsApp
, man.  And so
impressive.  Unbelievable, rather,
I would say.
Who?  You of the chest.  I don't even notice
the breast.  My goodness.
nor of breast surgery.  I don't even know
if it
stung me.  The most guarded is the other one.  No,
I didn't know anything about the breast.  It's not that it's that
when they told me and and I don't know what a
bra my husband bought me.
There are more people here.   It's
over.
Hey, Peppa is my friend.  Take.  But a
real friend, huh?  The real ones
.
But my true friend, that which you
will never know.  That is.
And since we know everyone
sends it to him, it's not like I'm going to cut this one out
and send it to him
.  Since you're writing to me, I'll unblock it
just to use it to send you this.
Note that it's not just
fabric, no, family, fabric, eh, fabric, fabric,
fabric, fabric.  Cloth, cloth, cloth.  To me,
look, to me, I don't know, let's see,
you're telling me that this lady who
asked him, who told him about the
recovery and the silosene, I'm coming here
half asleep, right?  Those
people believe the cancer thing at that
moment, and I can tell you that I
can think that they believe it at that
moment.  Not later, huh?  Then
when Nuricris leaves on the flight and
all these people and everything starts moving
there, right?  I mean, when
the audio of Troy was leaked,
everyone already knew about it.  Okay, now at that moment
I'm not telling you that if I didn't come
and the lady knew, I mean, they would
believe it.  Sorry.
Blessed meroteca, Javi.  No, no, but
this is what they've put us through and
this is crushing, crushing.  I mean,
you can imagine how awful what
was being said about me was, man.  I mean,
imagine it's ugly because in the end it's
a [ __ ] daily grind and it's
just out of spite because we didn't
want her here, okay?  Because her
plan was to get stuck here and take
all my followers, a part
of my donations, a part of my
audience, my visits and my everything,
okay?  And that's what she had here in
Kai, what she was working on here
until we realized and told her,
"You flan from here."  And look, I
tried to do it without conflict, right?  That is,
because I always tried to do it without
conflict.  I mean, people think
I really like fighting with
people, right?  No, I've always tried, I
didn't block her, I didn't unfollow her,
nothing, okay?  And she was talking to me on
WhatsApp, "Is something wrong with me?"  No,
ma'am, I don't want anything to do
with you, we're already seeing the
mess, do you understand me?  The thing is, I did
n't want to argue, nor do I have the time, nor the
desire, nor do I feel like it, no, but every
day, every [ __ ] day, it seems that
Javi Oliveira was pimba, pimba pimba
pimba beating up a poor woman who
had
cancer, you know?  Man, please,
man, please, but at
least apologize now that you're saying that
cancer is a lie, at least apologize.
Don't run forward any further.
No, I believed it.  No, no, no,
no.  That can be believed by the sincere
bingo who lives in a bubble and is
asleep and who didn't have one either.  But a
person who has had children, who
has family members to look after, who
is seeing doctors, who does this, who does that,
a 70-year-old person, right?  How old
is Peppa?  A 70-year-old person who
is a doctor, who has children, who I don't
know what, who I don't know how much, doesn't believe what
Loli is saying.  I know that I
can believe it myself, maybe at that
moment.  Well, you know?  I think so. But you don't
believe that, Peppa.  and hours and hours and
hours and hours talking to Loli, you
will have caught all kinds of lies more
than we did that it wasn't true.   You
went along with it because it
suited you.  I would let you know months later when
you were on TV.  Do you remember that,
aunt?  What a catch that is, huh?
The session this lady is having with me
is not normal.
And then
there's the fact that I don't know how to
avoid it.  If I didn't talk
about any of them three days ago.  From
Guindam.  The Guindam.  That one is.  That one is.
That one for life.
Nuricrill says, I never believed it.
Someone who understands a little recognizes
lies.  Well,
uh, let's see, at the moment when he's
talking about the chest there, the lung,
man, there already in this live that we've
heard, man, there already such.  But
at first, a woman you don't
know at all comes to you, except for her voice or
having seen her once on the chat and
such, and she tells you that she has cancer. Well, she
has cancer, that's it.  What are you going to say, you
know?  But a woman who spends
hours and hours on the phone with her,
talking and telling her about her
daily life, man, no, for God's sake, of
course not.
And I think so, and something wasn't just one
thing, it was the day
Danesa came in, that
Electra came in and that, but they keep
releasing videos and they keep releasing
stories.  Don't talk.  You'll see how they don't
talk.  Yes, they speak.  Good afternoon.  Ah.   You have to
see that
now you don't want anyone to talk even if you do
n't talk.  Now you want to shut up.  No,
Peppa.  Now that Loli is saying
that you did know, now you want to
shut up.  Oh, okay, okay.
I'm going to say something stupid.  It's clear,
Elisa de la Cruz, that Peppa is the
famous one, but I didn't know she was
that famous.  They are
releasing old videos, as they can't
release current ones now.  Ah, since they can't
get current news, they get old news.  Ah,
because the insults to Joan Plana are from
this year, right?  Either it or my problem
with my mother and all that
stuff.  That's from this year too,
isn't it, Peppa?  Oh, okay, okay, okay.  They
are being taken out in the past.  It's that she decides
what is current and what is not.  Okay,
okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
.  They're releasing old videos
so they can say whatever they want.
They invent themselves.  It is being invented, they are
inventing.
They make up stories.
What a character.  The chi is done
.  He has gone too far.  You will not
react to chi's words.  Uh,
some things, yes, chobo.  Not the whole thing, but we're
now uploading video to the
main channel.  I don't know how much he has
left.  They make up stories that
freak me out, but they make up stories that are completely and
absolutely amazing.  From fish to peace.
And I say, how dare they
make up stories?
No, I haven't been watching anything, one minute
they told me she was being indiscreet with
some audios and such that they say that I
, well, look, I don't have to prove
anything anymore, nothing.  Okay, let them keep lying
because this is like talking to
a stone.  Ah.  or show a
stone that it is a stone.
Ah, well look, it turns out that today there was
this Ret-bait by a
Twitter user who also calls herself a Twitter user, and it
turns out that it's more
or less the context of what
I got, okay?  So, apparently
Ay has deleted the
tweet.  Oh, the girl deleted the tweet
.
has deleted the T. Look, the PZ has been
deleted.  Well, look, thank goodness
we have it
open here.  So, the thing is, Ret
started following this girl because this
Twitter user was saying things against
us.  So, Ra automatically,
boom, followed him.  What's going on?
Well, he was tweeting against
us, but it's not like he
wasn't in favor of them either,
okay?  It's not that I was exactly
in favor of it and he says Ret and on top of that
the humiliation of publishing here the
follow, right?  On screen, right?
I mean, not content with not
returning the follow, the humiliation of
putting it here on the screen, right?  The
catch, right?  Raet followed you.  Raet, I do
n't think we're going to be friends.  Peppa's friends
are not my friends.  Tell him to
tell you about the 240, money
they had to remind him to give to
a cancer charity, and that he's
been playing with the invention of
cancer for
money.  And Rae takes it, she'll already know the
story.  F you Rae what
matters.  Rae is of bigger things.  He
talks to you about bigger things, doesn't he?  For the RAE
240 bucks is not [ __ ].  No, don't
worry, I'll give you a
[Laughs]
follow.  Don't worry, I'll give you a
follow.
Come on, in the end, the plague victims, the
plague victims are not me,
right?  Well,
well.  And little else, family.  The truth is
that I
don't think this topic has much further
to go.  I'll tell you too,
okay?  What's up,
Lili?  As?  As?  That is, Javi
Canino.  Ah, they were already going to
sew it up and that's why they deleted the tweet.
Okay,
okay.  That is already coming to sew it.
Well,
always, but
[Music] I
don't think this topic will have
much more
scope because I don't think Peppa will
respond
anymore.  Hey, Arra blows it.  He is going to talk
about his book.  Exactly.  Yes, but
anyway, hm, I'll also tell you one
thing, unless some new gossip comes out
about this topic,
I don't think anyone will answer anymore, and I do
n't know if they will answer each other anymore.
Well, family, I'm going to go to the
salseria for a bit too.  Ah, let's
wait a little while until
the main channel video is uploaded, if you don't mind
.  Okay, dead topic, Javi.  Well
yes.  dead.  I mean, because that's all that's
left, right?  Those who
supported Loli aren't going to say a
word, okay?  It doesn't matter that now it's
Pepa who says it was invented, it doesn't
matter that the one from Troy, the one from Toya is going
to say that the one from Toya is going to say that
well, it is a kind of
distant cancer, anyway.
Okay, but I think a little bit
more.  Feed the kids, grandpa.  Yes,
I'm going there.  Let's go there and
discuss some things, shall we?  Let's go and
talk about things and stuff, shall we?  Let's
see what we have and see if
the video on the main channel doesn't take too long, man
.  Let's hope it doesn't take too long.
Well, people, the topic is dead, says
Multigamer.  Yes, it is a topic and a
very heavy one too, right?  The subject is already very heavy
.  I think that if they don't
talk to each other anymore, they don't say
anything else to each other and no
mess is created, it's over.
The matter is settled.  Loli Huerta never
had cancer, only calluses and poison
on her tongue.  I think it's
clear,
Nuricrir.  I think it has been made clear and it has
n't.  I'm telling you, I mean, if they don't
hook up with each other now and don't say
anything else, well, now that I'm
saying this, Loli will probably come out tomorrow
and cause a real stir and
start yelling at the girls from Troy.  Guys,
I'm going over there, okay?  A huge kiss,
gorgeous.  Bye bye.
[Music]